<doc id="bolt-eng-DF-183-195681-7948496">
<headline>
Nation's Toughest Immigration Law Stays Put For Now
</headline>
<post author="Eugene" datetime="2012-03-01T19:35:00" id="p1">
Source: National Public Radio

<a href="http://www.npr.org/2012/03/01/147752368/nations-toughest-immigration-law-stays-put-for-now?ft=1&amp;f=1001">Nation's Toughest Immigration Law Stays Put For Now</a>

by Corey Dade

March 1, 2012

Portions of Alabama's strict immigration law will remain in force until the U.S. Supreme Court rules on its predecessor, the Arizona statue that ignited a national firestorm in the debate over illegal immigration.

A panel of three judges from an Atlanta federal appeals court decided Thursday to put off action on lawsuits against measures in Alabama and Georgia. Oral arguments are set for April 25 before the Supreme Court over the constitutionality of Arizona's enforcement policy.

Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, Utah and Indiana have passed legislation modeled on Arizona's. The Justice Department has sued to block all the laws, arguing that the role of enforcement belongs solely to the federal government. Human-rights and immigrant-advocacy groups have filed separate suits claiming the laws violate individuals' civil rights.

The Supreme Court is expected to rule on the Arizona law by the end of its term this summer;...

-snip-

Read more: <a href="http://www.npr.org/2012/03/01/147752368/nations-toughest-immigration-law-stays-put-for-now?ft=1&amp;f=1001">http://www.npr.org/2012/03/01/147752368/nations-toughest-immigration-law-stays-put-for-now?ft=1&amp;f=1001</a>
</post>
<post author="IamK" datetime="2012-03-01T19:54:00" id="p2">
1. is this good news or bad news? n/t
</post>
<post author="former9thward" datetime="2012-03-03T17:58:00" id="p3">
4. Assuming you are opposed to the laws it is bad news.

The federal appellate panel of judges likely would have put the laws on hold if they thought the AZ law was going to be overturned.
</post>
<post author="cocorocotum" datetime="2012-03-03T15:28:00" id="p4">
2. Illusion

SEND TO DEATH

The deportation of a convention refugee to a place where his life is in danger is against the International treaty signed from the USA
As a victim of torture, I was developed Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)and my need for protection is a necessity protected from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugee (UNHCR) that give me the status of MANDATE REFUGEE under the Refugee Protocol International Protection.
After an interview that hundred of American legal organization are contesting right now as a UNFAIR INTERVIW I received the denial of asylum in the USA
Without a safe place to go, the only choice was to live illegally in ‘’The land of the free’’ I was doing for living, as my own private business, working as a freelancer as a landscape design, audio design and latter as a captain and boat dealer in San Francisco Bay.
At this time I was tax payer and great appreciate for the business and design that I do.
Eventually my driving license was checked at a traffic stop and arrested because I WAS WANTED NATION WIDE FROM THE IMMIGRATION for not presenting my self for DEPORTATION TO DEATH !
From San Francisco I was send in a CONCENTRATION CAMPUS owned from Correctional Corporation of America (CCA) and rented from the Immigration and Custom Enforcement (ICE). The huge amount of money that the CCA take from the government is not my business. The degrading way that the immigrants are treated and abused is to push the innocents to crime or mental affection to be easily deported as a ‘’criminals’’ or ‘’mentally insane’’.
In my condition as a Mandate Refugee facing the deportation to death, that I live without crime in the US just to save my life, I start to see the imminent horror future intensely.
The effect of past torture reactivate my PTSD I start having again nightmares and flashback
And seriously I start thinking about suicide as a better alternative then to drop in the hands of people that I run from and to be tortured again and kill at the end
The US government Intelligence, that organize in Romania rendition center as a program of collaboration for FIGHTING AGAINST TERRORISM, know very good : The Actual Romanian Government do not play around and I will be death
WHY ?
The US Government do not want to recognize never any wrong doing
Do not want to admit the corruption of government officials (judge Joan Churchill )
THEY WANT TO SEE ME DEATH
I was put in front of Psychiatrist John Lee that have the mission to destroy my brain
With hazardous and constitutionally illegal medicine like OLANZAPINE to make me easy deportable. I do not take it. The deportation officers was surprised when they come to take me
My reaction was not typically to an individual under Olanzapine
One of them was asked : HE DO NOT TAKE HES PILLS ?
John Lee born in Korea and get the job with the Homeland Security as the best place
To exercise his hate toward immigrants, the place to perform his own mental problem and to make big money
The place where he can do anything against immigrants and the crime become legal as a LAW ENFORCEMENT
By bad luck I informed miss from Florence Project, that totally unprofessional do not keep the confidentiality between client attorney and Lee get the message
He understand instantly the danger that he become expose if those information will go to media with everything that is going on at Eloy Detention Center
The crocks that give bad name to the United States and totally disrespectfully abuse the money taken from the good American people start to scare
Over night I was deported to cover this CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY
Slavery. Human Experiment, illegal administration of psychotropic or antipsychotic.
Slave trade. incarcerate or sending innocents to death or life endangerment and degradation.
Are in total disrespect of US Constitution. US Criminal Code, The Human Rights and the Refugee Protocol
Disrespect for everything that the US stand for
With the generosity of ‘’THE LAND OF THE FREE’’ I was 3 years in jail. without crime
I lose my property of over 100 000 $. I lose my wife, my friends, and I was send to death
The good think. I know the law and the officers that escorted me are out of jurisdiction of US when out of US territory
THE BAD !
All countries are acting insane when is about US involvement
Do I have to live all my life in insecurity as a ’’Internationally Protected Person’’ ?
Or is better to kill my self to make all happy ?

Rusu Constantin A 070 278 077

Search for rusu + creppy + immigration

<a href="http://www.aclu.org/immigrants-rights/sign-letter-honorable-judge-creppy-chief-immigration-judge-executive-office-immigr">http://www.aclu.org/immigrants-rights/sign-letter-honorable-judge-creppy-chief-immigration-judge-executive-office-immigr</a>
</post>
<post author="costin" datetime="2012-03-13T10:16:00" id="p5">
5. LOOK LIKE NO BODY (then DU) ARE READING THE POSTING

Yes I am real Rusu Constantin
Who another ? then me ? can risk hes life, to receive a bullet from an US operative ?
by exposing the CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY that I was victim in the US ?
I have to recognize, I was tracking the DU site and I realize no body know the Human Rights or the Refugee Protocol ! No body's know the immigration laws and a total minority, there have HUMANE attitude about my posting and who I am. Some of members do not hesitate to think I am crazy. Yes I have PTSD, but don't forget I was a very successful business owner. With my broken English I receive friendly appreciation from the good Americans there. Clearly, I am not out of my mind.

BOOKS THAT DESTROY ME

I was 15, when I hear a conversation about a ‘’special book’’. What make that book so special?! Maybe because was about not to accepted subject and written from a university professor in exile. The book was also printed in a foreign capitalist country and of course not very accepted in the communist country where I was living. Was the History of Religious Ideas by Professor Mircea Eliade. At 15, I was all the time in company of university students, just because I do not get to many subjects in common with kids at my age. Maybe because I was not to pretty and tall and I was trying to get a social success by learning and doing things better. I was so young and I start reading The Castle and the Trial By Kafka. Was a hard reading ! I get the picture of a world that is dying. When I was finished Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell, I just look with other eyes at the communist countries….. And I rediscovered my own ! Later I was reading another book written in foreign country, Secret India by Paul Brunton and I get the temptation to learn Yoga. Was not hard to found a Guru.
Yoga was not to popular in Romania. I extended my social contacts with strangers that share same mind by using a little trick. I take with me in a transparent plastic bag, two of the MOST WANTED BOOKS ! That trick work great ! When I was 22, many great people from art, culture, science and education was friends with me. I was the youngest guy in those people society.
Eventually some tourists from Switzerland, was bringing to Romania the concept and the practice of Transcendental Meditation. The concept was very appreciate in Yoga circle that increase the number of members (with my help) and was promoted to the level of Board of Education in idea to be part of learning process for the benefit of students. Great ! I continued my mission to select and bring now, new members for Transcendental Meditation.
SELECTION ! what that mean ? only people with high intellectual quality and understanding.
Do I have to say ? all the people that I selected ? graduated university or was university students ? At the end, the Transcendental Meditation listed over 4000 people ! I was learning my self, social psychology and I reach the level at by looking in the subject eyes and using simple ‘’naïve’’ questions, to evaluate, very good, a person. To discover, clearly, things about that person, that he or she never tell to anybody. At some level, all of us know, all of us have the desire to improve the life, culture and society in Romania. All the members can invite another members. The group was infiltrated with people from Romanian Intelligence (Securitate) and all those people give report to them organization about daily activity.
At them level they estimate our activity as a High Potential Dangerous maybe because
All of us was dreaming to an open cultural society. Was a mass arrest with interrogation
Of all the members listed with the Transcendental Meditation. One of the question was : WHO SHOW YOU THE WAY THERE ? And many of them answer: RUSU CONSTANTIN
I was arrested and tortured for confession! To tell them everything. I was hospitalized after torture and my life was changed forever. My house was watched, my phone intercepted. All my old friends that know my problem insolate them selves, then me.
Some of them was arrested and interrogated about Why? They visit me ? How they know me?
The fear keep those people away and I become lonely. By chance I meet totally new people
That don’t know my past. I have periodically home searching and THEY was looking for books, documents and phone numbers. They do not get any. I start writing my journal in total secrecy and to do very secret researching about the Securitate, them members and location, particularly the people that tortured me. I use all my technological knowledge (I am educate in that) to get them. I was dreaming, maybe some day those people will be punish for Crime Against Humanity if some how the Romanian system will change. WAS NEVER HAPPEN !
And, Will be never happen. The system was change but those people are protected for life !
BECAUSE THEY JUST TO THEM JOB IN GOVERNMENT SERVICE !
I want to run away from Romania, from persecution, but I have not place to go. No body outside. The majority of people that fled Romania, they do not do nothing in them place to improve the life in Romania. They are cowards ! I do not like them. They are country traitors!
Eventually, in my absence, my house was searched again and they discover in very hidden place, my journal, with my opinions that they have not time to read because I was coming back home. They show me what they found ! Was clear ! A journal with private addresses of Securitate members and my exposed desire to be punish, IS MY END ! I have not time to think to much and I fled Romania in nowhere.
Many of Securitate members fled Romania after revolution and ask for protection in exchange for collaboration, all around the world and even if that is against the Refugee Protocol, to give asylum to people implicate in Crime Against Humanity ! many country take them as exchange of experience with people trained in INTELLIGENCE.
Do I have to say ? Those people give information to them new country about who I am ?
And is better to be deported for them own safety?
….and I am deported from all countries that take those criminals. By using dirty legal tricks !
Even if the United Nations give me status of ‘’INTERNATIONAL PROTECTED PERSON AS A MANDATE REFUGEE !

RUSU CONSTANTIN

Rusu v. INS, 296 F.3d 316, 321-22 (4th Cir.2002)
</post>
<post author="underpants" datetime="2012-03-03T17:46:00" id="p6">
3. WOW the powers that be in AlaBAMA cain't duh-side on them non white types

color me not surprised
</post>
</doc>
